Dave Mackay live in Colorado level 2
running we're all trying for about 15
years showering for a lot longer and
just loving in the mountains I'm most
inspired to run by being out on really
nice single track trails preferably in
the mountains of there's snow mud ice
dirt rock anything's good and might be
inspired by it my favorite running
distance is probably 550 miles maybe a
hundred K you know 62 miles tends to be
my kind my wheelhouse as far as
performance goes and just enjoy ability
I was kind of looking for something new
as far as footwear and something
exciting and something that would just
make my running even better than what it
was and polkas were the one could choose
to change my life for sure first time I
saw the hook is I thought there's no way
these things will work but I put them on
and after a week of running them my
running just completely changed entirely
I thought it was running recovering
faster I was you know not getting beat
up and my performance time far as race
and I started using them or even faster
I got alternate of the year and I was
winning races and I was right after
trying the hook is and really getting
into them I used to run in in very
lightweight pretty thin soled shoes and
they're pretty fast and I really like
their performance but once i tried hook
is i found that you know i'll never go
back to anything else because i know
that there's pretty much nothing as good
as okay your body won't get his beat up
as fast you can run more you can recover
faster even during a race you should try
them because you're you're gonna be
recovering during the race and overall
just enough of the past time
they have ever received any training
advice I've got it figured out on my own
you